#Artificial Immune System Based Network Intrusion Detection System for Cloud

##Introduction
In recent years, as a new distributed computing model, cloud computing has developed rapidly and become the focus of academia and industry. But now the security issue of cloud computing is a main critical problem of most enterprise customers faced. The current network environment faces various security attacks like Denial of Service (DOS), Distributed Denial of Service(DDOS), IP-spoofing attacks. Our work aims at developing a Network Intrusion Detection System which uses the concept of Artificial Immune System (AIS). It captures many features of the biological immune system and places them in the context of the problem of protecting a network of computers from illegal intrusions. The experimental results show that this model improves the ability of intrusion detection and can support for the security of current cloud computing.The self-adaptability, distributed character and quantization of antibody concentration that biological immune system bears are just the effective method to solve the technological problems of network security situation awareness, thus this article applies the characteristics of biological immune mechanism in the field of network security situation awareness research, and establishes immune network security situation awareness system to make real-time and quantitative analysis on network security condition and its changing trend. This project combines the risk evaluation methods with application security engineering principles, and can change current passive defense situation using traditional network security approaches, and is helpful to establish new generation proactive defense theories and realization techniques.

To understand the work around of algorithm it is advisable to use the attached Technical paper which describes algorithm and all details.
